times when you need
to come into the
loop, work in the
terminal, fire up instances
that you're prompting back
and forth. And it's
great for proving your
workflows and making sure
that they work. So
like for instance here,
you know, in my
install script, it looks
like my agent kicked
off start on its
own, which locked up
its loop. So this
is something that we
can improve in the
install command, right? Make
sure to be running
on the background process.
And to be fair,
I probably should have
just communicated that in
the inline prompt. Anyway,
so right now our
agents are creating the
implementation commit and you
can always dial in